AI Usage Journal
Nicholas Stroble
nstroble@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0303

Week 1

I didnt use AI much this week and when i did use it I closed the tab. I only used AI for two things. I used it to help set up github and two help to figure out soem different jobs that are available for 
When I get my INFO SCI degree. In my 314 class I needed to set up my get hub account and a lof of the instructions were confusing, they me to all these different websites and had me following
multiple sets of instructions. I was very lost so I uploaded the directions to Chatgpt to help guide me through it all. The other thing used AI for is to help answer questions about what
jobs are available with an info sci degree. I plan on being a pilot and need a degree. I chose Info Sci because it was a really fast growing degree and worked with a lot of relevent stuff to 
todays world. but it is a backup plan so ive been more focused on flight schools and what I hope to do rather than what i might need to do later down the line. That's what I used AI for this week.

Week 2

This was another week where I didnt use AI too much but I think I wrote in the discussion how I was using it to help my study spanish.
My spanish is absolutely horrible but I am seeign progress. I am not banking on being fluent nest week or anything like that but I am hoping to make
consistent progress. I beleive AI can help me do that. I used AI to help me figure out some of the most commonly used words as well as some of the most
frequent mistakes new learners usually make. AI has been know to not be perfect especially when making traslationg between languages. Most of the 
time it is more useful to have interpretation rather than translations. But yes for know understanding my oen mistakes when forming scentences and 
adding to my vocanulary is all I am using AI for but in the future I do hope to expand on this and maybe even use it for active speaking and listening
practice.

Week 3
I have already uaed AI quite a bit this week. In the first week I needed to use AI to help me get git hub installed and how to connect it to Rstudio. I had also used it for SQL workbench. 
This week I needed to use it for SQL again becasue it just wasn't working. I was folllowing along with my instructors code and very quicly realized none of my code woud run. I double and triple
checked it to make sure everything is right but it just didt work. So I typles the intput and output into chatGPT and xplained the situation. This was antoher instance in my life where
chatGPT just wasn't fully there. After a bit of back and forth with it I was able to notice a trend in the code that was working and what wasn't. Yet it never recommended or pointed it out.
I would even tell it that because I am not using the "USE" function, it works. It would acknowledge my comment essentially say im smart but then wouldn't say why that would be that case then
tell me to do the trouble shooting code it had before. This was pointless because I already know the "solution" and it's not offering me anything of use. That was the big thing I used AI for this
week. Everything Ended up working and the trouble shooting with GPT did help but not in the way it was intended to.

Week 4
I finally started using AI for learning spanish. It is extremely helpful. I am able to practice reading and writing then get immediate feedback.
If there is a particular scentence I am struggling with I can type it in then have it go word by word and explain it to me. I definitely have to take
it with a grain of salt but I have a really good feeling with the continued use of it.

Week 5
I used AI this week to explain various topics from my different classes. I had a few issues with R Studio, again. I ran it through AI and I was able
to figure it out. I have a marathon coming up in a couple weeks and have been struggling for good sleep so I have been using it to help me find recources
for advice. Stretching is also something I need to get better at but AI is giving me some pointers on that becasue it saw that I was looking at sleep
and it was able to figure out that I might have needed help with stretching and other athlete self care items.

Week 6
This week I didn't spend too much time on ChatGPT but I did interact with other imbedded AI apps. There are a number of Language learning apps I use
to practice spanish including Spanish dictionary and Duolingo. They both have imbedded AI's that do a great job of maximizing the learning experience
for me. Spanish dictionary does something pretty interesting that I don't see in a lot of other apps. It is very similair to quizlet with the flascards
but it has a reveiw feature that is pretty interesting. It helps you learn different words with flashcards which is normaal but the cool thing is that it
keeps track of the words you don't properly type in and will quickly retest you on it after a few different words are introduced to you. After you go 
to the main learning page you can go to the home page which allows you to see all the different word that you have learned and across from the word you 
will be able to see in how many days you have before you need to reveiw the word. Then when you go to try and learn new words you need to first review 
words you have already learned, If you under stood it quickly it will be a while before you are required to review it but if you struggled with it then 
it may only be a few hours before you need to learn it. I though that was something worth sharing.

Week 7 ---

Week 8
This week I mostly used AI to help study for an exam I had on monday. I reveiwed the practice test and asked chatGPT countless questions and it really
helped me out. I have studied for numeours tests now using AI, as long as you have things nearby to help you verify responses it can be a huge help.
I started a book that is comletely in spanish recently. I did it to help me spend a lot of time speaking the language aloud but also add a ton to my 
vocabulary. I have been, and plan on, continuosly using AI to help me translate and interpret the words in the book. It has been a very helpful process.

Week 9
This week I have done a numner of interesting things in AI. I hae started to do research for some upcoming trips this Thanksgiving and some trips for
the upcomming summer. I would prompt AI to discover things to do on these days as well and ask it for a step by step guide on what we can do. I asked 
it for an estimation on pricing as well as rough estamations on travel times. I asked it to help me understand that languages of the places I will be 
going as well as simply understand small pharses to set me up well in these different places.

Week 10
This week I have used AI to do a number of things. The biggest one was an assignment for my other class. I had my 327 class and they wanted me to
design a quiery using AI. the intention of this excersice was to understand AI's capabilities. AI's wasnt hard to use but quite simply it didn't know
what it didn't know. So when I went through the process of making the quiere I only needed to give it the most basic of information. But as I started to
get results I needed to continue to give it information an I eventually narrowed it down correctly. Another thing I used it for was to continue to use
it to do research for m upcoming trip to poland. I need to understand how to navigate certain airports and I am wondering if there are a number of 
sources I can use to lead me the right way. I am using AI to do that.










